alright I'm going to teach you all how
to be dynamic OB gins those of you that
don't know that is not a Jedi that is an
obstetrician gynecologist dr. Mayer to
teach you guys are happy great Obi Jen's
obstetrician gynecologist for the
unlearned lemon they know the matters
vagina doctor so what we're going to do
is get started I know you guys have a
lot of questions we're going to get to
those but I want to start off with some
of the benefits being an obj like to
start off addressing the men you get to
look at vaginas all day that's your job
that's your job some guys got arrested
for that you spent a lot of time ahead
and add 1 10
not going to get paid for that this page
boyfriend I got to look at them all day
long so all different shapes sizes a
little different they all got their own
great characteristics it's not funny now
I brought here a chart of China oh here
can anybody tell me what this is no it's
the doorbell all right the teacher new
vernacular here black outside world
caught a clitoris think it sounds lat
neuroscientific it's not it's called a
doorbell on the medical community these
right here as if I know what this part
is that the sides here yeah some people
call the labia but we don't call that in
the in dr. school labia okay these are
the on the sides doorbell sighs outside
inside
financial second year but trust me it's
worth sticking around for so does
anybody have any questions about being
an ob/gyn no beach in different things
might learn okay tools we use what kind
of tools she is that's very good
question i happen to have mine here at a
fork are we need dog tongs and this
ladies knowing that is guys will learn
about that later don't want to use that
luncheon customer tips well other
questions guys have yeah how how long
does it take from like when you first
start learning till when you you can
look at them how long does it take to
learn before you can look at them before
you're in the office with one of them
well we have an accelerated programming
he's got cash you know we can work out
no I could get you up just being three
or four weeks you know what i like to
say oh it's really complicated you men
don't understand what's going on inside
you know bed simple there's a right here
you'll see is packet of crazy juice off
at any time
any of you they're married know exactly
what I'm talking about debates in LA
we're in for a wild ride then you barely
see that it's very small the sex clan
old woman is like this guy's you know
what we're dealing with that's not fun
there are any more questions you guys
have go ahead shout out don't be shy
we're all doctors who does all the
different hairstyles do we get to be the
hair stylist to the hairstyle yeah those
are somebody see that's a desire to
learn right there down to the front row
yeah actually larysa kya esthetician
school badges imagine i started the
superlative who's the baddest mean no
sorry for vaginal esthetician their
learned styling and conditioning and
your love that is an epilady thing no so
I was lied to cover a beat up one your
chapters will get start again tomorrow